README.md, before:

# proxsox
socket program for networks hw 6

## building
### local build
If you have make, then you can just use the included Makefile. Simply run `make`
and then run the executable as `./proxsox` and you should be good to go.

### docker build
If you don't want to build the application locally, then you can also run in
docker.

First, build the container with ```docker build -t proxsox .```
Then, you can run the container with ```docker run -it --rm --name run-proxsox proxsox```

## references
- [stackoverflow thread on http requests in c](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30470505/http-request-using-sockets-in-c?rq=1)
- [stackoverflow thread on makefiles](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1484817/how-do-i-make-a-simple-makefile-for-gcc-on-linux)
- [the gcc docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/gcc/)
- [compilation flags](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6304086/how-to-compile-a-simple-program-with-openssl)
- [integrating openssl](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16255323/make-an-https-request-using-sockets-on-linux)

Commit message:

updated readme with current status

README.md, after:

# proxsox
socket program for networks hw 6

## building
### local build
If you have make, then you can just use the included Makefile. Simply run `make`
and then run the executable as `./proxsox` and you should be good to go.

### docker build
If you don't want to build the application locally, then you can also run in
docker.

First, build the container with ```docker build -t proxsox .```
Then, you can run the container with ```docker run -it --rm --name run-proxsox proxsox```

## notes
- server is able to run and then subsequently trigger a request to smu.edu
- i'm able to get the response from smu.edu and save the responses packet by
  packet within a buffer
- now i need to construct a mega buffer with the entire contents of the response
  inside
- once that's done, i'm returning correctly, so i'll be good to turn in
  :neckbeard:

## references
- [stackoverflow thread on http requests in c](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30470505/http-request-using-sockets-in-c?rq=1)
- [stackoverflow thread on makefiles](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1484817/how-do-i-make-a-simple-makefile-for-gcc-on-linux)
- [the gcc docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/gcc/)
- [compilation flags](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6304086/how-to-compile-a-simple-program-with-openssl)
- [integrating openssl](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16255323/make-an-https-request-using-sockets-on-linux)
